---
subject: "\u05d7\u05ea\u05d9\u05e3 \u05ea\u05de\u05e8\u05d9\u05dd \u05d5\u05d0\u05d2\u05d5\u05d6\u05d9\u05dd"
from: "benemanuel family <benemanuel.family@gmail.com>"
to: "benemanuel family <benemanuel.family@gmail.com>"
date: "Tue, 19 Mar 2024 20:03:00 +0200"
date_parsed: 2024-03-19T20:03:00+02:00
labels: [dairy]
---

# חתיף תמרים ואגוזים

<https://recipe52.com/dates-roll-recipe/>  


Nuts  

▢¼ cup almond, chopped  
▢¼ cup cashew, chopped  
▢2 tablespoon pistachio, chopped  
▢2 tablespoon walnuts, chopped  
Other  
▢2 tablespoon sesame seeds  
▢2 cup pitted dates, about 30, roughly chopped  
▢½ tablespoon butter or ghee , (or coconut oil for vegan)  
▢¼ cup raisins  
▢½ teaspoon cardamom powder

## Ingredients

## Instructions

Take all the chopped nut in a pan and dry roast for 30 second on medium heat until lightly toasted. Add sesame seeds and roast for another few seconds. Remove nuts to a bowl and set aside.  
In the same pan add butter and chopped dates. Cook on low heat for 2 minutes until soft keep mixing with a spatula. Add raisin, roasted nuts, and cardamom powder to dates and cook further for a minute. Remove from heat.  
Let the mixture get cool enough to handle. Then mix further with hands (if needed).  
Transfer the dates mixture on cling wrap and roll it into a log. Keep the log in the fridge and cut slices of date as required. Serve cold.  
Notes  
Dates come in many varieties and can have different levels of moisture, here is how to adapt this recipe.  

If your dates are very chewy and hard. Soak dates for a few seconds in water to get softened. No need generally.  
If your dates mixture appears to be too dry and doesn't come together to roll. Add a little margarine or butter during the cooking of dates to soften.  
If your dates and nuts mixture is too moist and mushy. You may add 1\-2 tablespoon spoons of crushed wheat biscuits or oats to make it denser and easy to roll.  
Aroma: I used cardamom for aroma in the recipe, you can use soaked saffron, orange zest, or vanilla essence as well.  
To store: The date roll is the best stored in the fridge. They stay good in the freezer for up to 2 months or in the freezer for 3 months or more. You can store it on the counter for a week at a cool place. But it tastes best when cold.  


1. Mix Nuts

2. 60 m Cashews

3. 60 gm [Almonds](https://cookpad.com/in/search/almond)

4. 60 gm Walnuts

5. 60 gram [Pistachios](https://cookpad.com/in/search/pistachio)

6. For the Rolls

7. 1/2 cup [Clarified Butter (Ghee)](https://cookpad.com/in/search/ghee)

8. 500 gm Deseeded Dates (Khajoor)

9. 4 tbsp Poppy Seeds (Khus\-Khus)

10. 1/2 cup [Desiccated Coconut](https://cookpad.com/in/search/desiccated%20coconut)
